Fix assembly item comparison for verbatim. (#14649)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

### 0.8.23 (unreleased)

Important Bugfixes:

>  * Optimizer: Fix block deduplicator bug which allowed that blocks which are identical but have different ``verbatim`` contents be treated as equivalent and thus collapsed into a single one. Only assembling of Yul Code was affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Optimizer: Fix block deduplicator bug which allowed that blocks which are identical but have different ``verbatim`` contents be treated as equivalent and thus collapsed into a single one. Only assembling of Yul code was affected.
```

>  * Optimizer: Fix block deduplicator bug which allowed that blocks which are identical but have different ``verbatim`` contents be treated as equivalent and thus collapsed into a single one. Only assembling of Yul code was affected.

Author: ```suggestion
 * Optimizer: Fix block deduplicator bug which led to blocks which are identical apart from the contents of ``verbatim`` instructions to be treated as equivalent and thus collapsed into a single one.
```

A bit nitpicky, but still :-).

Bugfixes:

>  * Yul Optimizer: Fix block deduplicator bug which allowed that blocks which are identical but have different ``verbatim`` data be treated as equivalent and thus collapsed into a single one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Yul Optimizer: Fix block deduplicator bug which allowed that blocks which are identical but have different ``verbatim`` contents be treated as equivalent and thus collapsed into a single one.
```

>  * Yul Optimizer: Fix block deduplicator bug which allowed that blocks which are identical but have different ``verbatim`` contents be treated as equivalent and thus collapsed into a single one.

Reviewer: This one should go into `Important Bugfixes:` and the top.

Also, this is not a part of the Yul optimizer. It's in `libevmasm` and is controlled by `settings.optimizer.deduplicate`. I see that there's one previous entry about deduplicator and we filed that under `Optimizer`.

But it would probably still a good idea to indicate in some way that this only affects assembling of Yul code.

Reviewer 2: Done. I added a line mentioning that.
